Added documentation for new default workflow templates (#7346)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _automating-configurations/workflow-templates.md

| `hybrid_search`  | Configures [hybrid search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/hybrid-search/): <br> - Creates an ingest pipeline, a k-NN index, and a search pipeline with a `normalization_processor`. You must provide the model ID of the text embedding model to be used. | `create_ingest_pipeline.model_id`        |[Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/2.13/src/main/resources/defaults/hybrid-search-defaults.json)                  |
| `conversational_search_with_llm_deploy`  | Deploys a large language model (LLM) (by default, Cohere Chat) and configures a search pipeline with a `retrieval_augmented_generation` processor for [conversational search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/conversational-search/).  | `create_connector.credential.key`  |[Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/2.13/src/main/resources/defaults/conversational-search-defaults.json) |

> | `semantic_search_with_reindex`  | Configures [semantic search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/semantic-search/) with a newly deployed Cohere embedding model with a reindex a source index to a newly configured knn index. You must provide the API key for the Cohere model along with the source index to be reindexed. | `create_connector.credential.key`, `reindex.source_index`|[Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/semantic-search-with-reindex-defaults.json) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `semantic_search_with_reindex`  | Configures [semantic search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/semantic-search/) with a newly deployed Cohere embedding model. The model is configured to reindex a source index to a newly configured k-NN index. You must provide the API key for the Cohere model along with the source index to be reindexed. | `create_connector.credential.key`, `reindex.source_index`|[Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/semantic-search-with-reindex-defaults.json) |
```

| `semantic_search_with_local_model`  | Configures [semantic search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/semantic-search/) and deploys a pretrained model (`msmarco-distilbert-base-tas-b`). Adds a [`query_enricher`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/search-pipelines/neural-query-enricher/) search processor that sets a default model ID for neural queries and creates a linked k-NN index called `my-nlp-index`. You must provide the API key for the Cohere model.  | None  | [Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/semantic-search-with-local-model-defaults.json) |

> | `hybrid_search_with_local_model`  | Configures [hybrid search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/hybrid-search/): <br> - through deploying a pretrained model (`msmarco-distilbert-base-tas-b`). Creates an ingest pipeline, a k-NN index, and a search pipeline with a normalization_processor.  | None  | [Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/hybrid-search-with-local-model-defaults.json) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hybrid_search_with_local_model`  | Configures [hybrid search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/hybrid-search/) through deploying a pretrained model (`msmarco-distilbert-base-tas-b`). Creates an ingest pipeline, a k-NN index, and a search pipeline with a `normalization_processor`.  | None  | [Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/hybrid-search-with-local-model-defaults.json) |
```

> | `hybrid_search_with_local_model`  | Configures [hybrid search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/hybrid-search/) through deploying a pretrained model (`msmarco-distilbert-base-tas-b`). Creates an ingest pipeline, a k-NN index, and a search pipeline with a `normalization_processor`.  | None  | [Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/hybrid-search-with-local-model-defaults.json) |

Reviewer 2: "through deploying a pretrained model" => either "and deploys a pretrained model" (to match the preceding row) or "by deploying a pretrained model".

> | `hybrid_search_with_local_model`  | Configures [hybrid search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/hybrid-search/) through deploying a pretrained model (`msmarco-distilbert-base-tas-b`). Creates an ingest pipeline, a k-NN index, and a search pipeline with a `normalization_processor`.  | None  | [Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/hybrid-search-with-local-model-defaults.json) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hybrid_search_with_local_model`  | Configures [hybrid search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/hybrid-search/) and deploys a pretrained model (`msmarco-distilbert-base-tas-b`). Creates an ingest pipeline, a k-NN index, and a search pipeline with a `normalization_processor`.  | None  | [Defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/hybrid-search-with-local-model-defaults.json) |
```
